adding Jonas Mago's project to the website (#251)
school-brainhack/school-brainhack.github.io: content/en/project/tulpa/index.md

# Please only lowercase letters
tags: [fMRI, GLM, connectome, ML]

# Summarize your project in < ~75 words. This description will appear at the top of your page and on the list page with other projects..

summary: "Tulpas are invisible friends that can be cultivated on will by so called Tulpamancers. This fMRI dataset comprises scans of Tulpamancers, comparing periods where there is an experiential presence of such Tulpa and where there is not. The aim of this proejct is to study the neurophysiological signature of Tulpas using GLMs, functional connectivity measrues, machine learning, and deep neural networks. [website](https://jonasmago.github.io/brainhack2023/intro.html)."

# If you want to add a cover image (listpage and image in the right), add it to your directory and indicate the name
# below with the extension.
image: "brain.png"
---
<!-- This is an html comment and this won't appear in the rendered page. You are now editing the "content" area, the core of your description. Everything that you can do in markdown is allowed below. We added a couple of comments to guide your through documenting your progress. -->

# Tulpas: invisible friends in the brain

> > :warning: TLDR; check out my [to-do list](#My-to-do-list).

Author: Mhhhh strange, they do work for me when I run this page locally, though I didn't manage to render this page (I just ran the page locally). 
How would I render this website? Is there a link to a descriptioun of it?

<div style="text-align: center; background-color: white; border: 1px solid #000; padding: 20px;">
   <img src="img/sc_protocol.png" height="250px;" alt=""/>
   <img src="img/MRI.png" height="250px;" alt=""/>
   <br /><sub><b>protocol of the sentence completion task</b></sub>

> </div>

Author: @FrancoisPgm, I moved the picture from the results section here and added a short description to contextualiuze it.

Reviewer: @jonasmago regarding (1) it is probably because you didn't installed the theme with `git submodule update --init --recursive --remote` as specified in the readme of the repo.

Author: Great, that works. Sorry for missing that.

Author: Great. I now also fixed the youtube video!
Only the links to different sections still don't work and I'm not exactly sure why. 
I used the link format that works in .md files, however, they seem not to work in HTML. 

Is there an easy way of doing this?

In HTML it would look something like this:
<a href="#section1">Go to Section 1</a>
<h2 id="section1">Section 1</h2>

But I wonder if there are wasier ways in the webiste format here? 

Otherwise I may also just remove them. 

Jonas

Reviewer: Regarding (3), I find it suspicious to have a super high p value for the writing condition (0.32) and a null one for tthe prep condittion, although the accuracy for the writing condition is much higher than for the prep. Also you say "In both conditions, we have an accuracy of ~51%" but for the prep condition you report an average accuracy of 0.37.

Reviewer: For the in-page links I would suggest to try some good old fashion HTML : [see here for in-page anchors](https://www.w3docs.com/snippets/html/how-to-create-an-anchor-link-to-jump-to-a-specific-part-of-a-page.html)

Author: @FrancoisPgm, you were right with the p-value. 
It's the prep-write condition where p=0.00 (I thought that's the one you linked). 
I just checked the other two and they were mixed up and should be not 0. 
For write (higher accuracy) the p-value is 0.02, for prep (lower accuracy), p=0.32. 

I have now fixed both these values.

Author: I've also fixed the links and tested the page locally, I think it runs well. 
Let me know if there ar any other things you spot. Otherwise happy for it to be merged.

The data was preprocessed with [fmriprep](https://fmriprep.org/en/stable/) before any of the analyses were carried out. 

## Deliverables

In addition to the deliverables below, you can find a more extensive report of this project on this [website](https://jonasmago.github.io/brainhack2023/intro.html).

```{warning}
The date of publishing the final results on this [website](https://jonasmago.github.io/brainhack2023/intro.html) is depending on final confirmatino of the principal investigator of this study. 
```

You can also find all the code used for the results below in this [github repo](https://github.com/brainhack-school2023/jonas_project.git).

> # Results

Author: Yeah agree, I moved the picture to the data section.

> # Results

Author: And just removed the results section, leaving the latter results section

<br/>

> :information_source: all classifiers were trained and tested on the **connectome**. Next, the plan is to train classifiers on the beta maps of the GLM. See my [to-do list](#My-to-do-list) for further details. 

**Prep-write condition**

> Average accuracy = 0.76 <br/>
> P-value (on 100 permutations): p=0.00
<div style="text-align: center">
   <img src="img/ml/ml_p-w_conf.png" width="400px;" alt=""/>
   <br/>
   <img src="img/ml/ml_p-w_weights.png" width="400px;" alt=""/>
   <img src="img/ml/ml_p-w_glass.png" width="400px;" alt=""/>
</div>

<br/>

**Write condition**

> Average accuracy = 0.52 <br/>
> P-value (on 100 permutations): p=0.32
<div style="text-align: center">
   <img src="img/ml/ml_w_conf.png" width="400px;" alt=""/>
   <br/>
   <img src="img/ml/ml_w_weights.png" width="400px;" alt=""/>
   <img src="img/ml/ml_w_glass.png" width="400px;" alt=""/>
</div>

<br/>

**Prep condition**

> Average accuracy = 0.37 <br/>

> > P-value (on 100 permutations): p=0.00

Author: I ran 100 permutation of the lables and none of the permutation yielded a better accuracy in distinguishing the two classes than the true distribution of labels. For a b=publication it would probably be good to run 1000 or more permutations, but with those 100 I ran the stats test revealed a p value of 0.000

* [X] compute seed-to-voxel correlations 
* [X] ML classifier 
   * [X] ML classifier on connectomes 
   * [ ] ML classifier on seed-to-voxel maps 
   * [ ] ML classifier on the average activity for each of the 10 trials (not entire runs) cropped to an ROI in the SMA
* [X] Deep Neural Network Decoder using PyTorch

## Feedback from the final presentation 
- visualise things in MRIcroGL, soon implemented in nilearn as `niview`
- change my pearson-r values to [-1, 1] (currently [-100,100])
- for comparing nilearn and spm beta maps: specify not-matched. E.g.:
   - between software, within subject, within contrast, within run 
   - between software, between subject, between contrast, between run 
- feature selection must be either on (A) train set or (B) integrated in cross-validation. Make sure it's not selecting featuers on the entier dataset --> danger of overfitting!
- r2 is a measure for the percentage of variance explained. Not relevant here, thus, remove it. 
- explain permutation test for significance testing.
- apply the classifer on beta maps per trials (there are 10 trials per run). I can use ROIs or entire beta masks. The model will take care of the many variables. 

> - try a searchlight appraoch: train a classifer on different ROIs or voxels and then compare the accuracy. This could lead to a accuracy map with voxel resolution, however, this is computationally expensive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- try a searchlight approach: train a classifer on different ROIs or voxels and then compare the accuracy. This could lead to an accuracy map with voxel resolution, however, this is computationally expensive. 
```
typos
